Come back in this way you are going to look into data conversion with lists.
So far we have seen how to do that with strings and floats and strings together.
But this time we're going to use lists to convert them into strings and strings to convert them into
lists.
So let's say we have this students list here which is going to contain Max again Max.
Monica we have Eric.
And finally Frances So now we have this list of students right.
And what I want to do is I want to have them as a string so I don't want to have them separately in
for strings because these are four different strings now within my list of students but I can also go
ahead and do the following.
I can just say OK separate them and join them or separate them with a hash but join them together to
one string.
And what do I want to join students.
So there is this function which you can use on strings.
So this is a string.
And by using the dot separator and then using the join word key word I'm calling the join function.
This allows me to run certain code.
There is a certain code in the background which we don't have to develop ourselves but it's just available
to us as a function in Python when that will join the list elements together and we'll add a hash in
between every single of these elements.
So let's say I want to have a string which looks like this one here so students string is going to be
Max.
Monica and Eric and Francisca.
So that's my goal.
That's what I would like to have.
Like the students string.
And now as you can see this join method already did quite a good job.
But we have this hash in between this hash tag.
But I would prefer to have a comma and a space or an empty space just behind that.
And that is easily achieved by getting rid of this hash tag using the comma and then the empty space.
And now as you can see we get the string that I want to have.
So it's simply simply went ahead and said OK I'm going to join every single element within the list
of students.
And where do I put in between.
Well a comma and a empty space.
So that's how you can make a string out of a list.
You can of course also go ahead and use the following approach.
You can store that.
So students as string
put it together and I'm going to just say comma empty space.
Dot joined students and that will create this student string.
So it's going to be a variable and I can just go ahead and print out that students has a string.
And as it gets you I get Monica Eric Francisco and so forth.
So that's exactly what we had here.
But now we stored it within a string.
And we could even say something like at our uni study those people
and then we have students string and as you can see at our uni study those people Mock's Monica Eric
and Francisco.
All right so that's the approach to create a string out of a list.
Now let's go ahead and check out how we can create a list out of a string.
So I'm going to create a string.
I'm going to call it.
And it's going to contain Mxs Monica Eric and Francisca.
And now what I would like to do is to create a list out of that.
So out of every single name I would like to create a list and that's easily possible as you can see
we could just go ahead and type that into words the same here so we could have just typed that string
as we did.
And that's totally fine as soon as we only have or as long as we don't have four names in there.
But imagine you have a student base of multiple thousand people in there.
Would you still like to type.
Every single person out I guess not you would like to have them in a list and then if you want to really
put them in a string then you can just go ahead and use this programmatic approach.
Now the same goes for converting a string into a list.
So in order to do that we can use a method called split or a function called split.
So I'm going to apply this split function onto my string called I.
And how do I split them up.
So here I can I have to say which pattern they have to have in order to be split.
So I'm going to split them at the point where there is a comma and an empty space.
So that will do is it will create a list for me.
So I'm just going to print that out and as you can see it create this list with Max.
Monica Eric and Francisco.
So that's how you can create a list of a string now you can use this approach to do something else as
well.
You can create a sentence I'm just going to call it a.
And I am a sentence with many words.
So it's going to be the sentence.
And now I want to split them.
Add the empty space.
So I'm just going to say print and start or this is called a a dog split.
So this I want to split this string here this ace string.
And where do I want to split it at the empty space so each time there is an empty space I want to split
them and put them into a list.
That by itself is going to create a list of these words so the first element of the list is the second
one is and so forth.
But now if I want to know the length of the sentence I just can use this line function.
So this line function is going to split where it's going to give me the length of this split list.
So we have two things happening at the same time or actually even three things.
So going from the inside out.
This is going to create a list out of the string that we have out of this a string.
Then this here is going to give us the length of that list and the print statement is simply going to
print out onto the console.
So let's run it again and we can see we get the value of 7 because there are 7 words in there high and
a three four five six seven.
So seven words in there.
All right so that's it with a list for now but we're going to check our lists or use lists throughout
the course of course and the next video we're going to look into comments.
So see you there.